---
date: 2025-01-19
slug: waku-v0.8
categories:
  - announcements
authors:
  - alex
---

# Announcing Waku v0.8

Happy new year! :partying_face:

We're thrilled to kick off 2025 with the release of **Waku v0.8**,
featuring exciting updates, improvements, and a sneak peek at what's coming next.
Let's dive in!

## What's New in Waku v0.8

- **new**: Waku now includes loading spinners, making your experience more engaging.
- **changed**: Waku will not be available on Chocolatey, please use [scoop][scoop]
  to install Waku on Windows. It's simple, efficient, and we’re confident
  you’ll love it.

As usual, bug fixes, dependency updates, housekeeping, and documentation updates
are included in this release as well.

## What's Next

We’re already hard at work on **Waku v0.9**, which will bring:

- An overhaul of the current default Waku style.
- A variety of **new styles** tailored for different flavors and needs:
  - Minimal, OSS-focused, or full-featured.
  - Language or category-specific styles like `waku-minimal` or `go-oss`.
  - Git provider-specific styles, e.g., `waku-github` or `go-gitlab`.

Have a style idea? We’d love to hear it!
You can [make a PR][new-pr] or [leave a suggestion][suggestion-pr].

## Other news

Waku has a Discord server. [Join us!][discord]

## Download

You can [install][install] or upgrade Waku with your favorite package manager,
or see the full release notes [here][release-notes].

## How You Can Help

Waku thrives because of its amazing community! Here’s how you can contribute:

- Report bugs and issues.
- Contribute new features, bug fixes, or documentation improvements.
- [Sponsor the project][sponsor] to support its ongoing development.

---

Thank you for being a part of the Waku journey.
Here’s to many more exciting updates and collaborations in 2025! :rocket:

[sponsor]: https://github.com/sponsors/caffeine-addictt
[install]: ../../install.md
[release-notes]: https://github.com/caffeine-addictt/waku/releases/tag/v0.8.0
[discord]: https://discord.gg/NcRFkVTcaw
[scoop]: ../../install.md#scoop
[suggestion-pr]: https://github.com/caffeine-addictt/waku/issues/144
[new-pr]: https://github.com/caffeine-addictt/waku/compare
