---
date: 2025-04-04
slug: waku-v0.9
categories:
  - announcements
authors:
  - alex
---

# Announcing Waku v0.9

Waku v0.9 is here! :tada:

This release brings **major style updates, new customization options,
and quality-of-life improvements**. Let's get into it.

## What's New in Waku v0.9

- **new**: Waku now has a style called `waku`, with more styles coming.
- **new**: Waku now has a `--allow-spaces/-a` flag to allow spaces in your project names!
- **new**: Waku now has a `--no-license/-L` flag to disable templating a license.
- **new**: Waku now has [`style includes`][style-includes] that
  make your styles more modular.
- **changed**: Waku errors have been slightly improved to provide more information.

As usual, bug fixes, dependency updates, housekeeping, and documentation updates
are included in this release as well.

## What's Next

Looking ahead to **Waku v0.10**, we're focusing on:

- Finalizing the style system with community feedback.
- Improving integration with third-party tools.
- Refining the CLI experience.

Got feature requests? [Let us know!][new-pr]

## Join the Community

Waku is growing, and we'd love to have you involved! You can:

- Report bugs and suggest features.
- Contribute to the project (code, docs, testing).
- [Join our Discord][discord] to chat with the community.

## Download & Upgrade

You can [install][install] or upgrade Waku with your favorite package manager,
or see the full release notes [here][release-notes].

## How You Can Help

Waku thrives because of its amazing community! Here’s how you can contribute:

- Report bugs and issues.
- Contribute new features, bug fixes, or documentation improvements.
- [Sponsor the project][sponsor] to support its ongoing development.

---

Thank you for being a part of the Waku journey.
Here’s to many more exciting updates and collaborations in 2025! :rocket:

[sponsor]: https://github.com/sponsors/caffeine-addictt
[install]: ../../install.md
[release-notes]: https://github.com/caffeine-addictt/waku/releases/tag/v0.9.0
[discord]: https://discord.gg/NcRFkVTcaw
[new-pr]: https://github.com/caffeine-addictt/waku/compare
[style-includes]: ../../configuration/fields/includes.md
